FALCON COMPUTING SOLUTIONS, INC. END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

PLEASE NOTE THAT THE TERMS OF THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT SHALL GOVERN YOUR
USE OF THE SOFTWARE, REGARDLESS OF ANY TERMS THAT MAY APPEAR DURING THE
INSTALLATION OF THE SOFTWARE.

IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY: BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU
(THE INDIVIDUAL OR LEGAL ENTITY) AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS END USER
LICENSE AGREEMENT (“EULA”). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS EULA, YOU
MUST NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, OR USE THE SOFTWARE, AND YOU MUST DELETE OR RETURN
THE UNUSED SOFTWARE TO THE VENDOR FROM WHICH YOU ACQUIRED IT WITHIN THIRTY (30)
DAYS AND REQUEST A REFUND OF THE LICENSE FEE, IF ANY, THAT YOU PAID FOR THE
SOFTWARE.

EVALUATION LICENSE. If You are licensing the Software for evaluation purposes,
Your use of the Software is only permitted in a nonproduction environment and
for the period limited by the License Key. Notwithstanding any other provision
in this EULA, an Evaluation License of the Software is provided “AS-IS” without
indemnification, support or warranty of any kind, expressed or implied.


IF LICENSEE DOES NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT,
DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SOFTWARE.

1.    Definitions.

"Activation Key" shall mean a numeric activation code which must be entered into
the Software before such Software shall be usable.

"Computer" shall mean a computing device, such as a personal computer, server in
a datacenter or cloud based server instance.

"Confidential Information" shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 6
("Confidential Information").

"Designated Employee" shall have the meaning assigned to it in Section 5
("Maintenance").

"Documentation" shall mean all information provided to Licensee by Falcon which
describes the form, features or operation of the Software and which is contained
in a tangible medium, such as written format, tape, magnetic or other media.
Documentation shall include any Updates or Upgrades of Documentation which
Falcon may make available to Licensee pursuant to this Agreement.

"Fees" shall mean License Fees, Maintenance Fees, either or both.

"Floating" shall mean with respect to a license of Software that it is limited
to use of Software on a particular, identified Network.

"License Fee" shall mean those Fees quoted to Licensee as described in
Subsection 7.1 ("Fees").

"Maintenance" shall have the meaning assigned to it in Subsetcion 5
("Maintenance").

"Maintenance Fee" shall mean those Fees dquoted to Licensee as described in
Subsection 7.1 ("Fees").

"Network" shall mean a Licensee local area network which extends no farther than
one (1) kilometer from the street address of Licensee's principal place of
business.

"Node-Locked" shall mean with respect to a license of Software that it is
limited to use of Software on a particular, identified Computer.

"Perpetual License" shall have the meaning assigned to it in Subsection 2.2
("Perpetual License").

"Software" shall mean the object code form of the computer software provided
by Falcon on AWS marketplace including associated Documentation, Updates and
Upgrades.

"Time-Based License" shall have the meaning assigned to it in Subsection 2.1
("Time-Based License").

"Updates" shall mean revisions to the Software which correct errors or add
minor functional improvements to Software, and which are normally provided
without additional charge to customers of Falcon as part of Maintenance.

"Upgrades" shall mean revisions to the Software which add major functional
improvements to Software, and which are normally not provided without
additional charge to customers of Falcon as part of Maintenance.

2.    License.  Subject to Licensee's performance hereunder, including without
limitation the timely payment of Fees and the receipt from Falcon of the
appropriate Activation Key, Falcon hereby grants to Licensee the following
licenses, which may be either Node-Locked or Floating:

2.1    Evaluation License.  A non-exclusive, non-transferable license (without
the right to grant sublicenses) to use, execute and display the Software solely
for non-production evaluation purposes. The duration of such license shall be
for fourteen (14) days, or until earlier terminated by Falcon upon notice. After
the end of such period, the parties understand and agree that the Software shall
be automatically rendered non-functional without further notice to Client.
Client acknowledges that the features of the Software may be different and fewer
than those of the commercial version thereof.

The foregoing license shall also terminate immediately and without notice for
any breach of this Agreement by Client.  Upon any termination or expiration of
this Agreement, Client shall immediately destroy or delete any and all Software,
and promptly certify in writing to Falcon that it has done so.  Falcon may
extend the duration of the foregoing license and change the number of Computers
on which use of the Software is licensed in its sole discretion.  Client agrees
not to modify the Software, remove any notices or markings on the Software, or
reverse compile, reverse assemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to
learn or disclose the trade secrets contained in the Software, transfer the
Software in whole or in part over a network (other than the Network), make any
attempt to disable the Activation Key system used by the Software, interfere
with Falcon licensing manager software, or permit any third party to do any of
the foregoing.  The provisions of Section 2 ("Limitations"), Section 3
("Disclaimer"), Section 4 ("Limitation of Liability"), Section 5
("Confidentiality") and Section 8 ("General") shall survive the expiration or
termination of this Agreement for any reason.

2.2    Time-Based License.  A non-exclusive, non-transferable license (without
the right to grant sublicenses) to use, execute and display the Software for a
period of one (1) year from the Effective Date (a "Time Based License"); or

2.3    Perpetual License. A non-exclusive, non-transferable license (without the
right to grant sublicenses) to use, execute and display the Software for the
duration of Falcon’s copyright therein (a "Perpetual License")

3.    License Limitations. The Software, including Documentation, is licensed to
Licensee for internal use only related to designing FPGAs or managing FPGAs/GPUs
by Licensee.  In connection with Licensee’s use of the Software, Licensee shall
comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations.  Licensee shall not, and
shall not permit any third party to: (i) copy, modify, translate, or create
derivative works of the Software; (ii) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble
or otherwise attempt reconstruct, identify or discover any source code,
underlying ideas, underlying user interface techniques, or algorithms of the
Software, (iii) lend, lease, offer for sale, sell or otherwise use or permit the
use of the Software for the benefit of third parties; or (iv) attempt to
circumvent any license, timing or use restrictions that are built into the
Software or the Activation Key.  Licensee warrants to Falcon that is not a
competitor of Falcon, or a parent, affiliate, subsidiary or division of a
competitor of Falcon, or working with or assisting, directly or indirectly, any
such competitor of Falcon.

4.    Ownership.  Except for the limited rights granted in Section 2 ("License")
above, Falcon retains all right, title and interest, including all intellectual
property rights, in and to the Software, including the Documentation.  Licensee
acknowledges that the Software constitutes Falcon’s valuable trade secrets and
improper use or disclosure would cause Falcon irreparable harm.  Accordingly,
Licensee agrees to use the Software solely as authorized in this Agreement.
Licensee further acknowledges that the license granted pursuant to this Agreement
is a license, not a sale, and does not transfer to Licensee title or ownership
of the Software or any copy thereof.  All rights not expressly granted hereunder
are reserved to Falcon.

5.    Maintenance.  For each Time-Based License, and for each Perpetual License
for which Licensee has timely paid in advance the associated Maintenance Fee as
quoted to Licensee as described in Subsection 7.1 ("Fees"), Falcon shall use its
commercially reasonable efforts to provide Maintenance as hereinafter provided;
Licensee shall designate in writing a customer contact ("Designated Employee"),
and may designate an alternate Designated Employee, who shall be responsible for
coordinating Maintenance with Falcon. The Designated Employee and alternate may
be changed upon written notice to Falcon.

“Maintenance” shall consist of:
(1)    The right of Licensee’s Designated Employee to contact Falcon by
telephone or e-mail and to consult with Falcon regarding the installation,
functions and operation of the Software;

(2)    The right of Licensee’s Designated Employee to contact Falcon by
telephone or e-mail to consult with Falcon regarding errors in the Software
which errors have been brought to Falcon’s attention by Licensee’s Designated
Employee;

(3)    The right to obtain without additional charge from Falcon certain Updates
for the Software which Updates are reasonably necessary in Falcon’s judgment to
correct reproducible errors which errors have been brought to Falcon’s attention
by Licensee’s Designated Employees;

(4)    The right to obtain at an additional charge from Falcon certain Upgrade
for the Software as such Upgrades are made commercially available by Falcon; and

(5)    The right to have Falcon use its commercially reasonable effort to
correct errors other than those described above which have been brought to
Falcon’s attention by Licensee’s Designated Employee.

Hours and Facilities.  Falcon shall make Maintenance available only during
Falcon’s normal business days and normal business hours.

Limitations.  Licensee must elect to receive Maintenance on either all or none
of the Software, and may not elect to receive Maintenance on some Software and
not on other Software.  Falcon shall have no obligation to provide Maintenance
for any Software which is not the most recent version or release or for which
Falcon has provided Updates which have not been applied by Licensee to the
Software.  Any failure of Licensee to pay all Maintenance Fees as invoiced by
Falcon shall, at Falcon’s sole option, immediately and permanently eliminate any
obligation of Falcon to provide Maintenance hereunder.

Additional Services.  In the event that Licensee desires to obtain from Falcon
additional services with respect to the Software, Falcon agrees to negotiate
in good faith for the provision of such services at rates no higher than
Falcon’s normal commercial rates, and subject to terms as may be agreed to by
the parties in writing.

6.    Confidential Information.
6.1    Definition.  “Confidential Information” means any and all information
disclosed by Falcon which is designated as confidential, including but not
limited to: (i) the Software, in both source code and object code formats (and
including without limitation the Documentation); and (ii) any financial
information, product plans, business plans, trade secrets, technology diagrams,
algorithms, designs, drawings, sketches, flow charts, benchmark results or other
performance-related measurements relating to the Software or any other
proprietary information, whether transmitted orally, in writing, electronically,
or by any other media.

6.2    Non-Use and Non-Disclosure.  Licensee agrees:  (a) to use Confidential
Information solely in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement; and (b)
not to disclose, or permit to be disclosed, either directly or indirectly,
Confidential Information to any third party.  Further and without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, Licensee agrees that neither it, nor any of its
employees, will use for their own account or for the account of any third party
any Confidential Information, and that Licensee shall be fully responsible for
the conduct of its employees for any breach of this Agreement. Licensee shall
immediately notify Falcon if it discovers or has reason to suspect any
unauthorized use or disclosure of any Confidential Information. Confidential
Information shall not include any information that: (w) was publicly available
at the time of disclosure; (x) becomes publicly available after disclosure other
than by action or inaction of Licensee; (y) is obtained from third parties not
under confidentiality restrictions; or (z) is required to be disclosed by order
of a court or other governmental entity; provided, however, that in such case
Licensee shall give Falcon prompt written notice of such requirement, and shall
cooperate reasonably with Falcon in the obtaining of a protective or similar
order with respect thereto.

6.3    Remedy.  If Licensee breaches, or threatens to breach, the provisions of
this Section 6 ("Confidential Information"), Licensee agrees that Falcon would
have no adequate remedy at law and would therefore be entitled to immediate
injunctive and other equitable relief, without bond and without the necessity of
showing actual money damages.

7.    Payment.
7.1    Fees.  The License Fees and Maintenance Fees are quoted from time to time
by Falcon in a written price quotation, and confirmed in a written purchase
order confirming such prices which is submitted by Licensee, and accepted by
Falcon. As a matter of administrative convenience, Falcon agrees that Licensee
may use its standard form of purchase order, which may contain pre-printed or
other terms not consistent with this Agreement; such terms shall not be binding
on either party, and shall not be deemed to affect this Agreement.

7.2     Payment Terms.  Licensee shall pay all Fees invoiced by Falcon within
thirty (30) days of the invoice date.  For any amounts not paid within thirty
(30) days of invoice date, Licensee shall pay Falcon one and one half percent
(1.5%) interest per month on the unpaid balance, or the maximum amount permitted
by law, whichever is less, until all past due amounts are satisfied. Licensee
shall further be responsible for all costs incurred by Falcon in connection with
any claim made by Falcon in order to recover payment of overdue fees, including
without limitation, all professional fees and legal costs.  For any late payment
of Fees, Falcon may also treat such late payment as a material breach of this
Agreement, may therefore suspend its own performance, and may exercise such
other rights as Falcon may have under law.

7.3    Taxes.  Fees specified hereunder do not include and are net of any
foreign or domestic governmental taxes or charges of any kind that may be
applicable to the Software, including without limitation excise, sales, use,
property, license, value-added taxes, franchise, income, withholding or similar
taxes, customs or other import duties or other taxes, tariffs or duties other
than taxes which are imposed based on the net income of Falcon.  Any such taxes
which are otherwise imposed on payments to Falcon shall be the sole
responsibility of Licensee.

8.    Term And Termination.
8.1    Term.  This Agreement will remain in effect until terminated pursuant to
this Section 8 ("Term and Termination").

8.2    Termination by Licensee.  Licensee may terminate this Agreement
immediately, at any time, upon notice to Falcon and by destroying the Software
(including Documentation) and all Falcon Confidential Information, and any and
all copies thereof.

8.3    Termination for Cause.  If either party materially breaches this
Agreement (including the obligation to timely pay Fees), the non-breaching party
may terminate this Agreement upon notice if the breach is not cured within
thirty (30) days of written notice thereof to the breaching party.

8.4    Insolvency.  If Licensee (i) makes a general assignment for the benefit
of creditors, (ii) is adjudicated bankrupt, (iii) files a voluntary petition for
bankruptcy or reorganization, or has a petition filed against it for an
adjudication in bankruptcy or reorganization and such petition is not dismissed
within sixty (60) days, or (iv) applies for or permits the appointment of a
receiver, trustee or custodian for any of its property or assets, Falcon may
terminate this Agreement immediately upon notice.

8.5    Effect of Termination.  Upon termination of this Agreement for any
reason, the licenses granted by Falcon shall immediately terminate, and Licensee
shall immediately destroy the Software (including Documentation) and all Falcon
Confidential Information, and any and all copies thereof, and shall provide to
Falcon written certification within five (5) days of such destruction.

8.6    Survival.  The provisions of Section 1 ("Definitions"), Section 4
("Ownership"), Section 6 ("Confidential Information"), Section 7 ("Payment"),
Subsection 8.5 ("Effect of Termination"), Subsection 9.2 ("Disclaimer"),
Section 11 ("Limitation of Liability"), and Section 13 ("Miscellaneous") shall
survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement.

9.    Warranty And Disclaimer.
9.1    By Falcon.  Falcon warrants to You that the Software will, for a period
of ninety (90) days following notice of availability for electronic download or
delivery (“Warranty Period”), substantially conform to the applicable
Documentation, provided that the Software: (a) has been properly installed and
used at all times in accordance with the applicable Documentation; and (b) has
not been modified or added to by persons other than VMware or its authorized
representative  The foregoing warranty will not apply to Licensee’s unauthorized
use of the Software.

9.2    Disclaimer.  Except for the limited warranty set forth above, THE
SOFTWARE (INCLUDING DOCUMENTATION) AND ALL DELIVERABLE ITEMS PROVIDED HEREUNDER
BY FALCON ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. FALCON MAKES NO
PROMISES, REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY,
OR OTHERWISE, WITH RESPECT TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING ITEMS, INCLUDING AS TO THEIR
CONDITION, THEIR CONFORMITY TO ANY REPRESENTATION OR DESCRIPTION, OR THE
EXISTENCE OF ANY LATENT OR PATENT DEFECTS, AND FALCON SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL
OTHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, TITLE OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AS
WELL AS ANY LOCAL JURISDICTIONAL ANALOGUES TO THE ABOVE.  FALCON DOES NOT
WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL WORK
WITHOUT INTERRUPTIONS.

10.    Indemnity.
10.1    By Falcon.  Falcon shall defend and/or settle all third party claims
alleging direct infringement by the Software of any third party copyright,
trademark or trade secret arising out of or related to Licensee’s authorized
use of the Software, and Falcon shall pay all damages finally awarded; provided
that Licensee:  (a) promptly notifies Falcon in writing of any claim, action,
suit, or other proceeding brought by third parties for which it is seeking
indemnification; (b) provides Falcon with sole control of the defense and/or
settlement thereof; and (c) provides Falcon, at Falcon’s request and expense,
with reasonable assistance and full information with respect thereto.  Licensee
shall have the right to participate, at its own expense, with counsel of its own
choosing in the defense and/or settlement of such claim, suit or proceeding. If
the Software becomes, or in Falcon's opinion is likely to become, the subject of
a claim of infringement, Falcon may, in its sole discretion: (x) procure for
Licensee the right to continue using the Software; (y) replace or modify the
Software so that it becomes non-infringing; or (z) terminate the license for
such Software, and grant Licensee credit for the associated License Fees based
on a five (5) year straight-line depreciation, and accept its return.

10.2    Limitation.  The indemnification obligations in this Section 10
("Indemnity") shall not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any claim, suit
or proceeding if such settlement is effected without the consent of Falcon.
The failure to deliver written notice to Falcon within a reasonable time after
the commencement of any such claim, suit or proceeding, if prejudicial to its
ability to defend such action, shall relieve Falcon of any liability hereunder.

10.3    Sole Remedy. THE FOREGOING STATES THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY OF
FALCON AND LICENSEE’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO INFRINGEMENT OF
ANY THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.

11.    Limitation Of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL FALCON’S LIABILITY ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF LICENSE FEES ACTUALLY
PAID BY LICENSEE FOR THE SOFTWARE.  EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY UNDER SECTION 2
("LICENSE"), SECTION 3 ("LICENSE LIMITATIONS"), OR SECTION 6 ("CONFIDENTIAL
INFORMATION"), IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF ANTICIPATED PROFITS OR LOSS OR INTERRUPTION OF USE OF
ANY FILES, DATA OR EQUIPMENT, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES. THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.  THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS
REPRESENT A REASONABLE ALLOCATION OF RISK UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

12.    U.S. Government Restricted Rights.  The Software (including
Documentation) is deemed to be “commercial computer software” and “commercial
computer software documentation”, respectively, pursuant to DFAR Section
227.7202 and FAR Section 12.212, as applicable.  Any use, modification,
reproduction, release, performing, displaying or disclosing of the Software by
the U.S. government will be governed solely by the terms of this Agreement and
will be prohibited except to the extent expressly permitted by the terms of this
Agreement.

13.    Miscellaneous.
13.1    Assignment.  Licensee may not assign this Agreement or any rights or
obligations hereunder, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, by operation
of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of Falcon. Any attempted
assignment in derogation of the foregoing shall be null and void. Falcon may
assign this Agreement in whole or in part upon notice.  Subject to the
foregoing, this Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the
parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

13.2    Export Regulations.  Licensee understands that Falcon is subject to
regulation by agencies of the U.S. government, including, but not limited to,
the U.S. Department of Commerce, which prohibit export or diversion of certain
technical products to certain countries.  Licensee warrants that it will comply
in all respects with the Export Administration Regulations and all other export
and re-export restrictions applicable to the technology and documentation
licensed hereunder.

13.3    Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of
competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law the remaining provisions of this
Agreement will remain in full force and effect.

13.4    Force Majeure.  Neither party shall be responsible for any failure to
perform its obligations under this Agreement, other than payment obligations,
due to war, riot, embargoes, strikes, failure of telecommunications or
electrical power supplies, or other acts of God (“Force Majeure”); provided
that, the party unable to perform due to a Force Majeure notifies the other
party immediately of such inability to perform and takes all reasonable steps
to avoid non-performance and to resume performance as soon as practicable.

13.5    Governing Law and Jurisdiction.  This Agreement is governed by and
construed under the laws of the State of California without reference to
conflict of laws principles.  All disputes arising out of or related to this
Agreement will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal
courts located in Los Angeles County, and the parties hereby submit to the
exclusive jurisdiction and venue of these courts.

13.6    Modification and Waiver.  No waiver or modification of this Agreement
will be valid unless in writing signed by both parties.  The waiver of a breach
of any term hereof will in no way be construed as a waiver of any other term or
breach hereof.

13.7    Entire Agreement.  This Agreement embodies the entire understanding of
the parties and supersedes any previous or contemporaneous communications,
whether oral or written; and may be amended only by a writing signed by both
parties. 

13.8 Contact Information. Please direct legal notices or other correspondence to
Falcon Computing., 3979 Freedom Cir,#530, Santa Clara CA 950054 14 List of Open
Source and Third Parties Licenses

* ROSE Compiler Infrastructure:
  http://rosecompiler.org/ROSE_HTML_Reference/group__license.html
* LLVM Compiler Infrastructure:
  http://releases.llvm.org/4.0.0/LICENSE.TXT

